expand testing info in pr template (#3391)
chainguard-dev/edu: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Do any stakeholders need to be tagged in this review? If so, please add them. -->

### How should this PR be tested?

> Any documentation published to Chainguard Academy is reviewed carefully for accuracy. GUI procedures, API commands, and CLI code snippets in a draft are run and tested thoroughly — by both the author and the reviewer — to confirm they work exactly as written. This helps ensure that readers can follow along and get the same results. See the [docs wiki](https://github.com/chainguard-dev/edu#testing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any documentation published to Chainguard Academy is reviewed carefully for accuracy. GUI procedures, API commands, and CLI code snippets in a draft are run and tested thoroughly — by both the author and the reviewer — to confirm they work exactly as written. This helps ensure that readers can follow along and get the same results. See the [`edu` repo's README](https://github.com/chainguard-dev/edu#testing).
```

Technically this isn't in the wiki, though if we wanted we could add a much more fleshed out rundown of how we test docs there.

Author: Nice catch, thank you! I was thinking that we _should_ add it to the wiki as I wrote that. :smile:
